DockerFolder/README.md, before:

# Basic Usage
1) Install docker
2) Run "docker pull caseycas/jsnaughty-moses"
3) Run "docker run -it caseycas/jsnaughty-moses"
4) Use the script "python experiments/renameFile.py"
	- The "-h" option will explain the options.

# Included Data and Expected Run Times
We have included 200 javascript files in the docker under the directory
"experiments/samples/stress_sample/".  These are not yet minified, so you must
use the --minify-first with the script to minify and get the renamed version of
the file.

To run all of these through the renamer, you can input the following commands
in the docker (from the /home/jsnaughty folder you start in):

```
mkdir stress_sample_out
python experiments/renameFile.py experiments/samples/stress_sample stress_sample_out --minify-first --mix --batch 
```

These files are between 10 and 500 lines (once reformated by the beautifier 
component of uglifyjs), and based on our running them on our current server
(can be run with "python testing/webPerformanceTests.py -local")
we obtained the following total renaming times (in seconds) on the 200 files:

```
   Min.  1st Qu.  Median  Mean   3rd Qu.  Max. 
  1.911   5.945   9.000  12.550  13.820  82.810
```

With the pruned phrase tables, the times we recorded were:

```
   Min.  1st Qu.  Median  Mean   3rd Qu.  Max.
  1.988   5.694   7.863  10.080  10.890  61.470
```

Unfortunately, the pruned phrase tables come with a slight hit to accuracy,
so we are currently using the full tables to be consistent with results
reported in our paper.


As Moses can be quite memory intensive (the docker 
itself is several GB), without a machine with sufficient memory (such as a 
laptop or personal Desktop), you may get much slower times.
If you are concerned about memory usage, please use the  website interface [here](http://jsnaughty.org).

Additionally, when first starting the renameFile.py script, it will start the
moses and language servers.  These may take a few minutes to load the phrase tables
and language models.  Subsequent runs should be much faster.

# Adding your own Javascript Files to the Docker

To move file into the docker, first start up the docker with the command:

`
docker run -it caseycas/jsnaughty-moses
`

Then, on your host machine, run "docker ps".  This will list the currently
running docker containers and will look something like this:

```
CONTAINER ID        IMAGE                      COMMAND             CREATED             STATUS              PORTS               NAMES
45e85f1b3131        caseycas/jsnaughty-moses   "/bin/bash"         43 seconds ago      Up 42 seconds                           condescending_hawking
...
```

To copy whatever file or directory you wish to test into the docker use:

```
docker cp <path_on_host> <container_name>:<path_on_docker>
```

So, if we wanted to copy some file "test.js" in our current directory to the
beginning working directory of the docker with the name "condescending_hawking",
we would run:

```
docker cp test.js condescending_hawking:/home/jsnaughty/test.js
```

# Building the Docker from scratch (Advanced)
If you have copies of the phrase tables and language models in the 
"DockerFolder" directory, you can rebuild the docker file.  If you don't have
these files, you can copy them from a running version of the docker, similar to
the procedure described in the previous section (make sure to replace the name
of the container with yours):

```
docker cp condescending_hawking:/home/jsnaughty/phrase-tables/hash_def_one_renaming/* ./
docker cp condescending_hawking:/home/jsnaughty/phrase-tables/no_renaming/* ./
docker cp condescending_hawking:/home/jsnaughty/phrase-tables/langmodels/* ./
```

Then, if you have docker-compose installed in addition to docker, you can build
the image with "docker-compose build".

As a note, the success of this build depends on many different packages, so it
is possible for it to fail if any packages are missing.  It is preferred to 
simply use the image pulled from DockerHub.

Commit message:

Updating readme with case study info.

DockerFolder/README.md, after:

# Basic Usage
1) Install docker
2) Run "docker pull caseycas/jsnaughty-moses"
3) Run "docker run -it caseycas/jsnaughty-moses"
4) Use the script "python experiments/renameFile.py"
	- The "-h" option will explain the options.

# Replicating the Case Study

To replicate the example shown in Figure 6 of our paper in the docker, you can
use the following commands:

```
python experiments/renameFile.py case_study/case_study.min.js case_study/case_study.no_mix.js 
python experiments/renameFile.py case_study/case_study.min.js case_study/case_study.mix.js --mix
unuglify case_study/case_study.min.js --rename > case_study/case_study.jsnice.js
```

The first produces output equivalent to our best method individual method (labelled hash in Figure 6),
the second is the combined names of JSNice and our tool, and the final command produces just the JSNice output.
As a note, the JSNice command line tool and website have been observed to return different
renamings.  All of our results are based on the command line tool, and you should use
this tool instead of the website if you wish to replicate the results.

# Included Data and Expected Run Times
We have included 200 javascript files in the docker under the directory
"experiments/samples/stress_sample/".  These are not yet minified, so you must
use the --minify-first with the script to minify and get the renamed version of
the file.

To run all of these through the renamer, you can input the following commands
in the docker (from the /home/jsnaughty folder you start in):

```
mkdir stress_sample_out
python experiments/renameFile.py experiments/samples/stress_sample stress_sample_out --minify-first --mix --batch 
```

These files are between 10 and 500 lines (once reformated by the beautifier 
component of uglifyjs), and based on our running them on our current server
(can be run with "python testing/webPerformanceTests.py -local")
we obtained the following total renaming times (in seconds) on the 200 files:

```
   Min.  1st Qu.  Median  Mean   3rd Qu.  Max. 
  1.911   5.945   9.000  12.550  13.820  82.810
```

With the pruned phrase tables, the times we recorded were:

```
   Min.  1st Qu.  Median  Mean   3rd Qu.  Max.
  1.988   5.694   7.863  10.080  10.890  61.470
```

Unfortunately, the pruned phrase tables come with a slight hit to accuracy,
so we are currently using the full tables to be consistent with results
reported in our paper.


As Moses can be quite memory intensive (the docker 
itself is several GB), without a machine with sufficient memory (such as a 
laptop or personal Desktop), you may get much slower times.
If you are concerned about memory usage, please use the  website interface [here](http://jsnaughty.org).

Additionally, when first starting the renameFile.py script, it will start the
moses and language servers.  These may take a few minutes to load the phrase tables
and language models.  Subsequent runs should be much faster.

# Adding your own Javascript Files to the Docker

To move file into the docker, first start up the docker with the command:

`
docker run -it caseycas/jsnaughty-moses
`

Then, on your host machine, run "docker ps".  This will list the currently
running docker containers and will look something like this:

```
CONTAINER ID        IMAGE                      COMMAND             CREATED             STATUS              PORTS               NAMES
45e85f1b3131        caseycas/jsnaughty-moses   "/bin/bash"         43 seconds ago      Up 42 seconds                           condescending_hawking
...
```

To copy whatever file or directory you wish to test into the docker use:

```
docker cp <path_on_host> <container_name>:<path_on_docker>
```

So, if we wanted to copy some file "test.js" in our current directory to the
beginning working directory of the docker with the name "condescending_hawking",
we would run:

```
docker cp test.js condescending_hawking:/home/jsnaughty/test.js
```

# Building the Docker from scratch (Advanced)
If you have copies of the phrase tables and language models in the 
"DockerFolder" directory, you can rebuild the docker file.  If you don't have
these files, you can copy them from a running version of the docker, similar to
the procedure described in the previous section (make sure to replace the name
of the container with yours):

```
docker cp condescending_hawking:/home/jsnaughty/phrase-tables/hash_def_one_renaming/* ./
docker cp condescending_hawking:/home/jsnaughty/phrase-tables/no_renaming/* ./
docker cp condescending_hawking:/home/jsnaughty/phrase-tables/langmodels/* ./
```

Then, if you have docker-compose installed in addition to docker, you can build
the image with "docker-compose build".

As a note, the success of this build depends on many different packages, so it
is possible for it to fail if any packages are missing.  It is preferred to 
simply use the image pulled from DockerHub.
